---
layout: article
title: "Alghorithm of training the monkey"
---

One goal of this algorithm is to train yourself to constantly "awake" when your
mind is on a dangerous anchor. Another goal is to train your monkey to keep away
from dangerous anchors, i.e. lower weights of correspondin links.

As soon as you feel increasing of your UF level immidiately do **penalty exercise**.

Two questions should arise now: how to feel increasing of your UF level and what
the heck is *penalty exercise*?

#### How to feel increase of UF level?

It is simple when you know it. Ussualy it goes alongside with subtle increasing
of heart rate and changing of breathing pattern. But the best way to feel it is
to learn that feeling inside you that makes you one step forward the thought "Why
not to touch my penis?". That subtle sticky itchy feeling somewhere on the
background of you. I'm sure you are familiar with it.

Good way to learn that feeling is to intentionaly increase your UF carefuly
listening to your body. Sit in front of your monitor with a blank page on it. Do
a few deep breathes and spend a minute just sitting and relaxing. Try to listen
to your body. Try to recognise feelings inside it. Promise yourself that you
won't fap now whatever will happens. It will a little (very little) prepare your
monkey for the next. Just in case.

Then go to your favorite web-site that usually leads you to fap. Don't surf
through it. Just load a single page. You will shut it in 10 seconds. Before you
shut it sit and watch it and carefuly listen to your body. Try to recognase
increasing of desires to fap. It woun't increase much in first seconds. Chances
are it will go from, say 2 to 2.5, or 3, maybe even to 4, but not to 6.

Now shut the fucking page and go do **penalty exercise**.

#### What the heck is penalty exercise?


#### How much UF increase should I feel to do penalty exercise?


#### Will this ever work?

I won't lie to you. This doesn't work if you:

* Miss the moment of UF increasing.
* Notice the moment, but don't do **penalty exercise** because:
    + You're uncomfortable/embarrased to do it immidiately.
    + You feel like you keep everything under control and this moment won't lead to fap.

As soon as I found that keeping an eye on my UF level allows me to stop my
fapping I haven't had much of a problem with missing the moment of UF
increasing. I believe it is not that hard and so it is not a real problem.

Real challenge are two last problems.

If you can eliminate those three problems read my lips then: This. Method. Will. Work. Period.

